docs: improve routing.rst (#7573)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/incoming/routing.rst

Routes are registered in the routing table in the order in which they are defined. This means that when a URI is accessed, the first matching route will be executed.

> .. note:: If a route path is defined more than once with different handlers, only the first defined route is registered.

Reviewer: I think this should be a warning.

Author: Done.

``/..`` in the *Route* column indicates one segment. ``[/..]`` indicates it is optional.

> .. note:: When auto-routing is enabled, if you have the route ``home``, it can be also accessd by ``Home``, or maybe by ``hOme``, ``hoMe``, ``HOME``, etc. But the command shows only ``home``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: When auto-routing is enabled and you have the route ``home``, it can be also accessed by ``Home``, or maybe by ``hOme``, ``hoMe``, ``HOME``, etc. but the command will show only ``home``.
```

Author: Done.
